Proofread Tech Debt Part 1 (#9)
TarodBOFH/tarodbofh.github.io: _drafts/simple-strategies-to-manage-techdebt-part-1.md

 - Because new tools / technology / patterns emerge that solves problems in a different and more efficient way
 
We never consider our bugs technical debt items (unless they become a [feature](https://www.wired.com/story/its-not-a-bug-its-a-feature/)),

> but we might consider third party bugs, problems or missing features and other external things that we might needto invest

Reviewer: Hah Got ya! you also made a typo =)

No need to fix, I'll do myself on merge =)
```suggestion
but we might consider third party bugs, problems or missing features and other external things that we might need to invest
```
